Installation, Setup, and Usage
Empire is not included in the
Kali Linux repositories
so we’ll need to install it manually.
First, we need to clone the GitHub
repository under the opt directory.
We can then install Empire by running
the install script in the
Empire setup directory.
Empire allows for collaboration
between penetration testers
across multiple servers
using shared private keys and by
extension, shared passwords.
Since we are installing a single instance,
we’ll press Enter at the password prompt
to generate a random password.
With the framework installed,
we can launch Empire with the aptly-named
Python script, empire.